Here we have to cut from the loin of boar.
So if we backtrack
and think of the other game we saw today
and thinking back to the rabbit,
the whole thing
This would be from the rabbit saddle.
very similar to pork.
Pigs are not indigenous to North America.
They were introduced by settlers.
And through that introduction,
also were boar introduced,
but not so much as a food source,
but more for gaming.
They did become feral, and that's how
we now have boar in North America.
However, just to be clear,
this game has been raised in captivity.
And so although it's wild,
it still has to meet
the regulations
set by the province and the country.